[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Science is a living body of
information that's not static.
It's not fixed.
It's designed to be
constantly updated when
new discoveries come to light.
>> One of the things that's
echoed in the ancient stories
around the world, whether it's
Plato talking about Atlantis
or the ancient Egyptians
and the Temple of Sais,
is that we find that they
discuss how these civilizations
have been destroyed from periods
of great flooding but also
extreme heat and fire.
It's about a totality of all
of these different catastrophic
events that have led
to the disappearance
and destruction of these
pre-diluvian civilizations.
>> There are petroglyphs all
over the world with the same
exact shapes telling us that
this was a worldwide plasma
event that was documented and
recorded by countless cultures,
including the people of Easter
Island in the Rongorongo
script.
>> There's no cultural memory in
humanity of how they made these
megalithic structures.
There is no recollection of
the engineering technology
that's required to create
these structures because it
wasn't their technology.
It was the gods' technology.
That's why we can't do it again.
>> We're writing a
new story right now.
We have to because
the evidence no longer
supports the story of the past.
This is where our
new story begins.
[MUSIC PLAYING]